“My story is a little long, probably cliche and in too much detail but it’s my passion so here you go,
I met her freshman year in gym. From the first time I ever laid eyes on her, even then in my stupider and immature days, I knew she was different. She had a beauty I could feel. Her hair was so long and natural and amazing. Her striking blue eyes killed me every time they made contact with mine. I did dumb things to try to impress her like any dumbfounded freshman would and none of it worked.

A year went with no progress, we were pretty much still strangers other than the maybe once a week small talk conversation in the hallways. But I finally got a cell phone and the first thing I did was take it to her and without asking she put her number in it. There was maybe about 6 months of small talk texting that lead nowhere but I was destined to comprehend her and understand all of her.

We eventually started talking more and more and one night she called me and we talked for over 4 hours. At the end of the conversation she said “I love you” and me being stupid fucking me froze up and said “wut?” then she hung up. I texted her immediately and said “I love you” and she replied back and said “Yes, that’s what I said” but I think I scared her because after that she was weird about getting emotional with me and told me that when she said she loved me she meant just as a friend. At this point i’m like heartbroken and feeling empty because all I ever did was think about her and think about wanting to be able to love her and being loved back. It was the first and only time I’ve ever felt such strong emotion from another person. We had so many things in common and we shared everything with each other. The understanding we had is indescribable and incomparable.

Next we’re juniors, age 16, we go on a coffee date, come back to my house and I take for a walk on a trail through the woods. We get 10 feet into the woods and she stops and makes the come fucking kiss me face. I hadn’t kissed a girl a that point since middle school. I kissed her on the lips, like a tiny peck and stepped back nervous as shit. She said “No, I want a real kiss” so I tried but it was pretty much just me smashing my lips into hers with no other action so I stepped back again, trembling, feeling like my throat was about to explode and I could barely talk to stutter and mumble out “I don’t know how to do this, I don’t have experience and i’m nervous” She told me not to worry and said that she would teach me. I was so happy about everything that was going on.

Life was great at that point. We had a weird relationship where we hung out sometimes and kissed sometimes but we were still just friends. She was cautious about letting me love her, I could tell she’s been hurt before. It got bad like to the point where I would get angry because she push me away and rejected me anytime I even mentioned the word love. She kept telling me that she didn’t want me to love her because she’s “not a good person to love” But that only inspired the pursuit that much more. I tried to hard though and I fucked up. I was high and said something I didn’t mean at all but I said them because it’s what I thought she wanted.

She completely stopped talking to me for 2 weeks and those 2 weeks were dark. But I stopped her at school when I couldn’t take it anymore and we talked, then she took me home. Got out of her car to hug me bye, but after the hug she looked up and said “I really want you to kiss me right now” so I smiled and I did and felt so great. Then everything went to shit for no reason.

We didn’t talk for months and I was devastated and felt so fucking horrible. I had a darkness over me and everyday hurt. I tried to make her understand but eventually she stopped caring. Now in the story it’s around the end of the school year and we still haven’t talked. Into June and she’s got a new boyfriend. He’s 19, long hair, guitar player with a tattoo. A fucking tool. But I knew what she was doing so I let her be her. June 30th is my birthday and she didn’t tell me happy birthday until 11:59pm through a text. That hurt.

The rest of the summer went by with not too much happening. But one morning we had another long phone call. She just randomly called me and it was still so easy to talk to her. We talked for a few hours and then started texting regularly, then texting eachother every second of everyday. From good morning to good night. He doubts in her boyfriend increased as her newly found interest in me increased. She started taking me home from school so I seen her everyday, we were spending more and more time together. One day after school she said that she had nothing to do and asked me if I wanted to go somewhere. So we got frozen yogurt then sat in parking lot and just talked for hours. You should see the cycle by now. I had my best friend back and was pretty happy.

A day or two later she dumped her boyfriend for no other real reason than well… me. I asked her to homecoming just as a friend because she was on the homecoming court and had no one to go with. We went out to eat before the dance and had the most fun I’ve ever had. We came up with a little plot to leave our waitress a generous tip and make her happy for the night, we wrote a note on a napkin for her and then went outside to watch her be surprised when she reads it and gets the tip that was twice the cost of the order. Making other people happy while you’re with someone being happy is the best thing. We ended up leaving the dance after 5 minutes to go make out in her car. That was the most intense kissing ever. I felt high. Getting my tongue sucked on for the first time lol. An hour went by in what felt like 5 minutes and we both looked up, had forgotten where we were and realized we were still in the school parking lot at around 11. She took me home and I gave her a good bye kiss.

When she got home she texted me talking about how great her night was and how great kissing was. She said “You really love me don’t you?” Obviously I said “Of course, more than anything” and she said “I could feel it when we were together” I answered just by saying “I love you Madi” then I got a “I love you too” That’s where I wish it ended. If I could of just been stuck in that moment of time for the rest of eternity I couldn’t be happier. After 3, almost 4 years I finally did what I knew I could. She felt it. The pure essence of love. But love stories aren’t love stories without bad parts.

We were “together” now. We hungout everyday and effortlessly had fun. My parents made the mistake of leaving us home alone and I just so happened to lose my virginity. That love was incredible. Probably why the scars are so deep now. After a while Madi continued on the cycle of being Madi and started making up reason to doubt our relationship. She was making up problems and creating new ones just to have a reason for things to not be okay. She said she felt like we weren’t progressing so she needed to stop loving me. Me being the understanding lover boy, was fine with whatever her decision may be. But she said to me the day before “I always make plans with people but they’re never there later in my life to take part in those plans” So when she trying to pushed me away for the third time now I think, I said to her on the phone “do you remember what you said to me yesterday, about no one ever being there? It’s because you won’t let them be there”

I know she started crying because everything went silent. I said her name maybe 10 times and she didn’t answer. then she hung up. I get a text 5 seconds later saying “What’s wrong with me?” and we semi-solved her issues. Then the next time she saw me, she kissed me. I was so confused. We were together again but she was acting weird. She didn’t want to hangout with me, or even sit and talk to me. She just wanted to go home to be alone. At least that’s what she said. This part lasted about a week before she completely pushed me out. This time it was real. She wouldn’t even have a conversation with me without turning it into an argument.

Then she asked me if I wanted to go with her to my friends house. First I questioned why she wants me for anything and why would she want to go hangout at his house? After that day I figured it all out. We were there just chilling and she acting super cute and doing all of this flirty stuff, but not to me. To my friend. After we left I asked her a question I already knew the answer to. “You like him don’t you?” And she got extremely defensive and got mad at me for even asking. She never ever answered what I asked.

Now they’re dating or hanging out or whatever and i’m almost sure she was talking to him before ending the relationship with me. She did to me to what she did to the guy before me. The bad thing is I’ll know she’ll do the same thing again. She’ll come back to me because we know each other better than anyone does. I know I should move on because they’re are so many beautiful people in this world to experience but when she comes back I won’t have to power to tell her no. Love for her is the only thing I’ve ever known. She’ll hurt me again and I won’t do anything to stop her. If I could just spend 1 more hour with her to feel this hurt for the rest of my life, I would. It would be worth it just for the time. I love her and that will never change" 